{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12920\viewh11680\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 Foster Privacy Policy:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This app is a work in process and several features have not yet been included in this version. As new features are included into this app in the future, any changes in the use of personal data in this app will be explicitly and transparently communicated and agreed to prior to such changes taking affect.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Personal Data
\f1\b0 \
The information entered into this app will not be viewed by us unless explicit permission is provided for debugging purposes only, to troubleshoot an issue with this app or the third party service provider. This app will request your email, address, birthday, first name, and last name and will be stored on the third party service provider Firebase. Your email address will be used for login authentication only and will not be shared or used to contact you in any way at this time. At this time, birthday, first name, and last name information are optional and will not be used or shared in this app. Address information is optional and will not be viewed or shared by us. \
\
To store and manage all data entered on this app, a third party service is used that may collect information used to identify you. The link to the privacy policy of the third party service provider used by this app is listed below:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs24 \cf2 Google Analytics for Firebase}}
\f1\fs24  ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics}})\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Help and Support
\f1\b0 \
Any issues, questions, or feedback can be shared via the App Store or by contacting me directly via the email address listed below:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs24 Foster.Wish.List@gmail.com\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Your feedback is crucial and greatly appreciated to improve this app. However, as a solo developer, please understand that availability to debug issues experienced in this app may be limited at times. }